hey guys I'm live and I'm button and
this is bought in a blast Travel Show
there's been a good amount of you that
have asked what we do for a living and
what we are doing when we are not
traveling so in an effort to put more
video content out there for you guys and
give you guys a little more of a
personal look of our lives and what we
do we are going to start posting videos
of the other types of adventures that
were on not just our world Charles what
we do for a living is really cool as
well and oh I'm a camera operator and a
photographer and lie I mainly dabble in
the audio mixing world when we have
projects I get hired for something or
she gets hyped for something we
collaborate as often as possible so that
we can dick around all day one of the
things that we just worked on was like a
live performance music video we got to
go out to Joshua Tree
which is in the Southern California Los
Angeles region we got the opportunity to
shoot with Lisa Halling who some of you
guys might recognize from Stevie
the Christmas special and herb and the
Pacific public but take a look at so the
day started out super super early for us
we drove about two hours towards the
desert and got there right in time for a
sunrise which was epically beautiful
where location scouting with the sunrise
here so we are fighting time we're
trying to me and my band Pacific public
and this is summer and she plays
acoustic bass and she also sings and
that's Alex Vega I write music and I
play with them so between play and I we
were running for cameras and recording
about sign me yourself I wonder who it
could be
oh it's jakey this is like don't turn
your cell phone on while you're at the
movies he said um are you super busy
let's just take a picture so let me show
you what we have yes we have four
cameras all running at the same time so
that we can shoot it all in one take
pretty brilliant they're all around them
so some are close-ups some are wide
shots
and then we have this beautiful little
thing here we're recording all of the
audio directly into this h4n zoom these
are amazing if you're into film or music
how cold did you say this well when we
got here I would say it was probably
like 40 degrees pretty frigid you think
California and you're like what do you
mean that's hot but out in the desert
areas I said someone gave me a mug of
hot cocoa right now I would just pour it
all over myself
shower just kicking it out here in the
desert with these amazing women super
happy about it Jim isn't it oh yeah I
guess there's a dude here show you back
to it okay
thanks Alex those are flowers desert
flowers Oh what are the challenges with
playing in the freezing cold well when I
want a finger pic they want to go like
this but they go like that look at the
baby it's so cute
and terrifying you just lost my husband
I see that we need them to be so guys
thank you so much for watching to see
the finished videos that we did head
over to Lisa's channel and while you're
there check out some of her other stuff
let us know what you thought about this
video if you want to see more of these
quick day-trip kind of things and you
know subscribe and like and leave
comments for us we want to know also
make sure your puberty Jesus also make
sure to check us out on social media
subscribe to us here follow us on
Instagram and that way you'll know
whenever I post and we'll see you next
time guys thanks for watching
in my hustle can you baby can you feel
it